I went from $440,000 in debt to $60,000
in the bank in under eight months simply
because I had changed my idea of myself
from somebody who doesn't have enough to
somebody who feels so grateful and lucky
for everything that they do have my name
is Joe Hudson I'm a former venture
capitalist and now I'm a coach to some
of the most famous names in Silicon
Valley in this video I want to talk
about the three things that I find get
in the way most often with people
becoming wealthy the first one is their
beliefs around on money the second one
is that what they're doing for money is
not in alignment with who they are and
the third one is that they Define
themselves as someone who does not have
enough and they're defining themselves
that way every minute of every day let's
say for instance you believe that money
is bad maybe you believe that money is
bad because your dad abandoned you to
make money or because your mom thought
money was more important than your
education maybe there's a thousand
reasons that you think that money is bad
well if you think money is bad you're
probably not going to want to have it in
your life so you're probably not going
to make it or let's say that you think
that money will save you that once you
have money everything will be fine
everybody will love you and boy oh boy
now I really need money well you're
saying that you need money and if you
really need somebody if you're needy do
you notice they kind of run away from
you it's the same with money if you feel
really really needy around money you
don't have the energy that brings it
near you the people who have money don't
want to spend it on you you the people
with the money don't want to give it to
you because it's needy and nobody really
feeds neediness like that in a way
that's productive so every one of your
beliefs around money is something to be
investigated for example I remember this
time when I was first being a venture
capitalist and I read about this person
that I knew of that had this really
successful exit and they had taken this
big risk and they only had like put in a
half a million a million dollars and
boom they were a billionaire and I felt
this punch to my stomach just like cush
and I was like oh what what the heck is
that
feeling and instead of labeling it
around money I just felt the sensation
and I and I went to the first time that
I felt it and I was like oh that's me
not being able to get my dad's
love that's all that is and it's just
instead of not being able to get my
dad's love it turned in not to be able
to get money and it was this idea that I
had that money couldn't be gotten that
it was hard to get like my dad's love
and it was just an idea and when I saw
it and I felt it that idea just fell
away and my material world completely
changed in very short order so really
investigating writing down every one of
your beliefs around money and we have a
great way to do this in view. life/
experiments you can write down every one
of your beliefs around money and start
seeing how each one of them isn't true
so the second thing that keeps you poor
is that what you're doing for money is
not in alignment with who you are all
right so if you are doing something
something for money and it doesn't feel
good to you then you are being oppressed
by money and you don't want more
oppression it's just as simple as that
if you're constantly trying to do
something and feel like you have to do
it because that's what you have to do to
get money then money is just a source of
Oppression and so you need that
alignment you need money to be an
expression of what you care about in the
world I could not make money doing
anything besides something that was of
service to other people because it's not
an expression of who I am and so maybe
it'll last for a short period of time
but eventually it's going to fall apart
I need something that allows me to have
an expression of who I am so the way I
think about money is it's like paint
it's an art form that I get to use to
make an expression of something that's
important to me in the world so it's no
longer something that oppresses me it's
something that empowers me and so having
it is great because I feel more and more
empowered rather than if I have it and
it oppresses me I'm more and more
oppressed and you think that might sound
strange especially if you're one of
those folks who are like oh I want money
and then I'll everything will be okay
but there are a ton of billionaires a
ton of very wealthy people who feel
completely oppressed by their money they
feel oppressed because everybody wants
them for their money they feel oppressed
because people are trying to steal from
because they can't lose their money
because if they lose their money they
don't know how they're going to live
they feel oppressed because they
inherited the money and they can't make
it
themselves all of this is forms of
Oppression that you can have just by
having the money so if you feel that
that money is going to start going away
which is why often times in second and
third generation wealth the money just
goes away it's because it feels like an
oppression rather than an
empowerment the third is that you have
defined yourself as somebody who doesn't
have enough so you're walking around and
you're thinking I don't have enough
sneakers I don't have enough money I
don't have a good enough car they're all
real problems but you're defining
yourself as the person who doesn't have
enough now I've gotten to work with a
lot of folks who have gone from very
little money to billions of dollars and
the one thing that they all had in
common is they didn't think that I
didn't have enough they thought I'm the
person who's going to make a billion
dollars that's how they Define
themselves they defin themselves as the
person who could do it not as the person
who didn't have enough of it and a great
solution to this is just have gratitude
for what you do have
and once you start having gratitude of
what you do have and you do have a lot
you have food on the table you have
people who love you you have a car to
drive or you have public transportation
or you have Medicare you have a lot of
resources more resources probably than a
majority of people who lived a hundred
years ago that's how many resources you
have and so you can be grateful for them
and it's not just a gratitude of like oh
I'm grateful for it but it's feeling
that gratitude and as you do as you feel
it you start defining yourself as
somebody who has a lot and then you look
around the world like you have a lot and
then you see opportunities that you
didn't otherwise see and then you act as
if you have a lot and so you don't have
that need that that scares people off or
you see that you have a lot and so other
people want to be around you they want
to give you a job they want to give you
an opportunity because people want to be
around folks who feel like content feel
like they have a lot in fact in my life
one of the most powerful things that I
ever did was have a gratitude session
with my wife every day about all the
physical material stuff that we had and
as we did that day after day feeling it
really allowing it into our systems we
watched our financial situation change
tremendously and very quickly I went
from $40,000 in debt which I was
accumulating because I was just sitting
in a room meditating which was great I'm
so glad I did it but I had gotten a
tremendous amount of debt doing that to
being like $60,000 in the bank in under
8 months simply because I had changed my
idea of myself from somebody who doesn't
have enough to somebody who feels so
grateful and lucky for everything that
they do have and so what's really
important here is not thinking about
like oh how do I get rich and watching
all the videos about how I get rich
which are really videos about somebody
selling you something so that they can
be rich instead of doing that start
thinking about oh what keeps me poor how
am I thinking like a poor person how am
I feeling like a poor person and really
take those things apart because not only
are those things keeping you from wealth
but they're also keeping you from
yourself if you're grateful you're
closer to yourself if you see yourself
empowered you're closer to yourself and
that's what's really important it's not
just about getting money there's a lot
of people who are miserable with a lot
of money it's about knowing yourself and
building your wealth that way so if
you've gotten this far in the video you
must have liked it why don't you hit
subscribe and underneath that you can
write anything that you want us to build
a video around and you can always keep
on watching the next video